feat(documentation): add story to document spacing (#1988)
swisspost/design-system: packages/documentation/src/stories/utilities/spacing/spacing.docs.mdx

import { Canvas, Controls, Meta } from '@storybook/blocks';
import * as SpacingStories from './spacing.stories';
import scss from './spacing.module.scss';

<Meta of={SpacingStories} />

# Spacing

<div className="lead">

> Spacing values bring a uniform and consistent distance between elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our spacing utility brings uniform and consistent spacing to your elements,
```

By adhering to standardized spacing guidelines, we maintain visual alignment and
improve the overall user interface.

</div>

{/* prettier-ignore */}
<div class="alert alert-warning mb-bigger-big">
  <h2 class="alert-heading">Sizing variables are deprecated</h2>

>   <p>The current set of the post-specific sizing variables is deprecated in favour of a new naming system that is consistent with the Design. For further information, please read the <a href="https://github.com/swisspost/design-system/discussions/588">discussion on sizing variables on GitHub</a> and have a look at the <a href="https://www.figma.com/file/ojCcgC5Zd12eUSzq6V5m24/Foundations?node-id=3%3A2&t=l8qimsXlxeMLOzs6-0">implementation in Figma</a>.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <p>The current set of the post-specific spacing utility is deprecated in favour of a new naming system that is consistent with the Design. For further information, please read the <a href="https://github.com/swisspost/design-system/discussions/588">discussion on sizing variables on GitHub</a> and have a look at the <a href="https://www.figma.com/file/ojCcgC5Zd12eUSzq6V5m24/Foundations?node-id=3%3A2&t=l8qimsXlxeMLOzs6-0">implementation in Figma</a>.</p>
```

  <p>There is a new solution with updated naming system up coming for spacing sizes.</p>
</div>

## Padding & Margin

> You can apply the desired margin/padding all around an element using the classes `m-*` and `p-*`, or you can specify a position (e.g. `pt-*` , `pb-*` , `pe-*` , `ps-*` respectively for a padding at top, bottom, right and left). You can also set a margin/padding along the horizontal axis (i.e. right and left) using `px-*` / `mx-*` or along the vertical axis (i.e. top and bottom) using `py-*` / `my-*` .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can apply the desired spacings for `margin` and/or `padding` all around an element using the classes `m-*` and `p-*`, or you can specify a position (e.g. `pt-*` , `pb-*` , `pe-*` , `ps-*` respectively for a padding at top, bottom, end/right and start/left). You can also set a spacing along the horizontal axis (i.e. right and left) using `mx-*` / `px-*` or along the vertical axis (i.e. top and bottom) using `my-*` / `py-*` .
```

> Our base spacing classes with suffixes going from 0 to 5 ( `*-0` , `*-1` , `*-2` , ...).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our base spacing classes with suffixes going from 0 to 5 (`*-0`, `*-1`, ..., `*-5`).
```

Our custom sizes can be used in the same way: by adding the name of the desired size to a prefix. See our [sizing docs](/?path=/docs/utilities-sizing--docs) to find out which size names are available.

{/* prettier-ignore */}
<div className="alert alert-warning">

>   <h4 className="alert-heading">Do not use margin/padding classes on grid elements (i.e. `.row`, `.col`, `.col-*`).</h4>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <h4 className="alert-heading">Do not use spacing classes on grid elements (i.e. `.row`, `.col`, `.col-*`).</h4>
```

Our base spacing classes with suffixes going from 0 to 5 ( `*-0` , `*-1` , `*-2` , ...).

Our custom sizes can be used in the same way: by adding the name of the desired size to a prefix. See our [sizing docs](/?path=/docs/utilities-sizing--docs) to find out which size names are available.

{/* prettier-ignore */}
<div className="alert alert-warning">
  <h4 className="alert-heading">Do not use margin/padding classes on grid elements (i.e. `.row`, `.col`, `.col-*`).</h4>
  <p>Our grid is built with negative margins and positive paddings on the x-axis. Therefore, use this spacing classes only if you know exactly what you are doing!</p>
</div>

<Canvas of={SpacingStories.Default} />
<div className="hide-col-default">
  <Controls of={SpacingStories.Default} />
</div>

## Responsive behavior

By default, the above classes apply to all breakpoints.

##### Manually specifying breakpoints

If you need to change the size or spacing of an element based on the breakpoint, you should

> mention it in the class name using one of the following infixes: {Object.values(scss).map((s, index, array) => (<span><code>{'-' + s + '-'}</code>{index !== array.length - 1 && ', '}</span>))}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mention it in the class name using one of the following infixes: {Object.values(scss).map((s, index, array) => (<span><code>{`-${s}-`}</code>{index !== array.length - 1 && ', '}</span>))}.
```
